# Crossbell Operator Sign Backend Service

**Operator Sign (Op Sign)** designed to enhance the user experience on the Crossbell network. Its primary goal is to streamline the interaction process by minimizing the number of manual approvals required for each transaction.

## Features

- **Efficient Interactions**: No need to manually approve every transaction, ensuring a smoother user experience.
- **Secure Authentication**: Leverage the SIWE protocol to authenticate users based on their encrypted signature.
- **Delegated Operations**: The Operator contract methods can carry out operations on the user's behalf, ensuring both convenience and security.

## Getting Started

#### Install deps:

```bash
npm install
```

#### Prepare environment variables:

```bash
copy .env.example .env
```

#### Setup wallet:

You will need to create a wallet and obtain the private key and address, then fill in the environment variables: `OP_SIGN_OPERATOR_WALLET_ADDRESS` and `OP_SIGN_OPERATOR_WALLET_PRIVATE_KEY`.

#### Start Database instance:

```bash
npm run docker:db
```

#### Migrate database and generate types in development environment:

```bash
npm run prisma:migrate:dev
```

#### Start server:

```bash
npm run start:dev
```

#### Access the Swagger API docs:

Once the server starts, the Swagger API docs will be available at the `/docs` path. For example, if you are running the server locally at port `3988`, you can access the docs at [http://localhost:3988/docs](http://localhost:3988/docs).

## Deployment

Docker:

```bash
# building new NestJS docker image
docker-compose build
# or
npm run docker:build

# start docker-compose
docker-compose up -d
# or
npm run docker
```

In Node.js Environment:

```
npm install
npm run build
NODE_ENV=production node dist/main
```

### Migrate database

In development:

```bash
npm run prisma:migrate:dev
```

In production:

```bash
npm run prisma:migrate:deploy
```

## Customizing Endpoints in [Crossbell React Kits](https://crossbell-dev.vercel.app)

Check out the customizing guide [here](https://crossbell-dev.vercel.app/docs/customizing-endpoints).

## Modules

### [Siwe](src/module/siwe/)

The `Siwe` module is designed to facilitate the implementation of the Sign-In with Ethereum (SIWE) protocol. It encompasses a suite of functions essential for integrating SIWE's authentication mechanisms.

### [SiweTransaction](src/module/transaction/)

The `SiweTransaction` module is responsible for managing a range of transactions, including posting, commenting, liking, and tipping activities.

### [EventListeners](src/module/event-listeners/)

The `EventListeners` module is crafted to monitor and process events generated by the Operator contract. It ensures the system responds appropriately to permissions updates and other significant contract interactions.

### [CsbManager](src/module/csb-manager/)

The `CsbManager` module provides utility functions that are instrumental for managing interactions with the `$CSB`.

### [Contract](src/module/contract/)

The `Contract` module used to initialize the contract instance.

## Feedback & Contributions

We welcome feedback and contributions from the community. Feel free to raise issues, submit pull requests, or share your insights to enhance the Operator Sign feature.

> 🫡 This project was initially developed by [@SongKeys](https://github.com/Songkeys). Original commit logs were deleted to protect sensitive information before open-sourcing.
